fix primary color codes (#48)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/operation/Resolve-a-name.md

The resolution can be described in three steps:

> 1. Check the state of a domain in the `RSKOwner` contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the state of a domain by interacting with the `RSKOwner` contract:
```

Reviewer 2: Mh... this is not the process... I’ll change it.

    ```js

>     var state = rskOwner.available(web3.sha3('adomain'))

Reviewer: I feel that this might be confusing to some, without an example. Perhaps we can say something like:

```
For example, if you would like to check the **adomain.rsk** domain, use **adomain** in the query.
```

Also, in the next step we have `var label = 'satoshi'`, which is also potentially confusing, we should use the same example value throughout the code snippets in the same page.

Reviewer: Additionally, I the hash function needs to be changed to `web3.utils.keccak256(string)` or `web3.utils.sha3(string)`. See https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.0/web3-utils.html#sha3
